good morning and please excuse the messy
hair I just had a shower and say we are
leaving to go glamping today and I am so
excited because this is by far my
favorite holiday that we have a good one
and my room is really messy because I've
pretty much just wakin up towards open
and everything I'm just gonna set your
own time-lapse and then you can watch me
tidy my room because I love watching
people do this
one thing we have so um I'm now
completely packed as you can see what
pretty much apart from my Kindle
I bought this bottle of water when we
were up in London and I didn't finish it
so I'm just gonna pour it into my water
bottles so that I can use this water on
the road just because I don't want to
bring a glass water bottle with me but I
don't want to waste the water we have
finally managed to pack everything away
in the car so Oscar Mertz have come to
collect mum and I and we're going in
their car and then dad Martha Keating
the dogs
[Music]
so we're in the car at the moment as you
can probably tell and Oscar's dancing
and we've got five hours to go so
it's Leon it's by plus 1 and we do
suffer for lunch
and Oscar Malcolm MacDonald and I'm
trying out Liam for the first one very
good page and my god
I roasted sweet potato but after round
they've run out of the cut
[Music]
I'll be preaching looks good Wales Wales
put up these workers stacks I like
Pringles but not so if we can't be in aa
and we're having a very good time and of
clearing the tree like that syndrome
I dunno actually it's about that so if
you pull like you're having wine well
I'd cry like those I think we should
have some squash because it's it's you
can use loads of it you um stolen rubies
camera so I was thinking for this blog
that would be a good idea to announce
that we are in Wales and I hope you
enjoy the rest of the video and that you
are enjoying it so far
goodbye
and as our full-time
where that's amazing mom look out your
left
[Music]
you
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm thirty and sporting for like good
locations because we always make movies
like all the time and we just think he'd
games you can play here like looking it
I mean look at you like oh there we go
that's better it's really nice and all
the trees back here that's so nice
here's um Martha and Katie I'm Martha's
friend and I hate uh as you can tell
that very close I cracked mirror this
morning
so now I'm nervous but I did I stepped
on it it's very silly Evie you're gonna
go in no I said that like three months I
think I want to keep my legs no not no
okay so we are in a stream at the moment
one camera down two to go
water gun all right ladies and lads I
don't discriminate we're ready to Sammy
you're not gonna get in
[Music]
[Laughter]
so we're just sitting down for dinner
that was a good one
all right we are here beautiful sunset
ugly people this is Katie she's American
oh yeah so we are here on necklace I I
don't have to vlog this is great this is
a really great on the blog
[Music]
those really thoughts are that means I
got
[Music]
not very talented on this front
now Leila's got the ball
[Music]